9 a.m. in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man. We're cutting down
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top story this morning, Asian stocks
under pressure after sluggish US jobs
numbers did little to boost bets on
whether the Fed can continue to cut
further next year and Chinese shares
also nearing a correction on renewed
economic worries. But some funds remain
bullish which had a potentially shedding
its uninvestable tag for good. Also
ahead, another major chipmaker debuts in
Shanghai. We're talking Meta X set to
start trading after a wildly
oversubscribed IPO. An exclusive with
the CEO of Hong Kong's largest licensed
crypto exchange, Hash Key, as it makes
his trading debut this hour.
All right, it is hump day of course
taking markets and we're still kind of
digesting this November jobs report
coming out of the US here. It didn't do
too much in terms of moving the needle
where the Fed and how many cuts they can
have for next year. Traders are still
pricing in at least two at for next
year. So certainly that didn't really
change the discussion too much here
given it was a mixed report, but right
now we are seeing a slight rebound in
some of these uh risk assets here this
morning after what has been a pretty
decent two-day selloff across uh Asia uh
stocks here. So the COSB is recovering a
bit. We're up about a third of 1%.
Taiwan's coming online and catching a
slight bit here. The NIK is doing a
different thing and we're pretty flat
right now. So we're wavering a little
bit here uh given that you know we are
getting closer to the end of the year
and not much catalyst out there here but
certainly one to watch is of course uh
what we saw on the FX side of things.
The dollar continues to be weighed down
by that US job support. We saw Treasury
yields heading lower as well but that
steepener uh sort of trade continued on
here. If you look at the twos and the
tens, twos and the 30s, the fives in the
30s as well. So that continues on. Uh
dollar yen still on the stronger side of
things. We're still below that 155 level
here. Uh it's good to watch what oil
does as well because we're we're
basically talking about uh oil that
continues to head a slump here. We're
holding around to those losses after we
did see Brent around fall to around $59
here. Shanghai crude is following on the
face of that here. But it is really what
we've been seeing here this this
concerns about a supply glut. Uh also
when it comes to IEA saying that you
know it could be one of the largest
gluts we've seen since the pandemic. But
then again, we are seeing some rising
geopolitical tensions when it comes to
Venezuela as well. So that's why we did
see WTI perk up just a bit. Uh how long
that lasts could be something that we're
watching very closely. But that's why
Brent is slightly higher and coming off
some of the lows that we've seen the
last few sessions or so. Gold is
catching a bit still. Copper is still
continuing on after reaching those
record highs on Friday as well. In terms
of the China setup, right? So we didn't
quite hit the correction territory when
it came to HSCI when it came to MSEI
China yesterday. HST tech though we're
still on bare market watch for that one
as well. Uh futures are pretty flat
across the board here when it comes to
China this morning. Yields are ticking
slightly lower by one basis points for
your Chinese 10ear yield. But yeah, look
at that strength in the remmbb where 703
handles. I believe that's another fresh
2025 high for the currency as well. So
despite this recent pullback, we still
got to talk about the year that China
stocks had, right? We're still talking
about outperformance here, right? Their
global really outperforming their global
peers. this year as the market sheds its
uninvestable tag. You see from this
chart basically we have overcome or at
least surpassed some of the performance
that we've seen uh in when it comes to
the all country index when it comes to
the US uh even when it comes to Japan
we've narrowed the gaps when it comes to
outperformance in Korea and Taiwan for
example as well but certainly a lot of
questions of whether that uninvestable
attack is forever gone right let's bring
in our team to talk about this as well
our Bloomberg's Asia FX and race
reporter Tian Chen also with us is
Winnie Woo head of APAC equity strategy
and co-head head of China Equity
Research of BA Global Research. Chan,
I'll start with you. So, you know, can
we say that this uninvestable tag in
China is is gone for good?
>> Well, um that's a good question. I think
right now, at least for for the short
amount of time, um people don't think
China is uninvestable anymore. Um but
actually, to be honest, when I'm in my
in my conversations with my contacts, I
think there's a pretty subtle shift in
the sentiment. Uh so before like two
months ago, three months ago during in
in the summer people were super
optimistic about China because they were
so underpositioned in China and the
valuation was so low.
>> Uh but after a few months right now
they've entered the point that the
positioning was kind of is is kind of
balanced um for global investors kind of
neutral still a little bit under
underbalanced um but they are is is much
better compared with uh a few months ago
and right now the economy is not very
good. Um so we're not seeing a lot of
data supporting um the rally to go on.
So there's a disconnect between the
economy and the market and um more and
more people are noticing the
disconnection and um they're saying that
um for the um uh the rally to stay
sustain into next year they really need
to see the economy uh to really recover
to see better activity data to see
better earnings. Um so for stocks um
it's really dependent on the economy but
for other parts of the market like for
the UN it's is a PBOC story whether PBC
wants the UN you just mentioned that
it's entered a new um strong kind of
point um this year but it's all about
whether the PBO will want to keep the UN
rallying u because on the good side it's
going to help you know maybe consumption
and internationalization of the currency
but still China's economy is very
dependent on exports so the PBC has to
be really cautious. Yeah, Winnie, you've
talked about stocks for China this year
being the great turnaround. What
surprised you the most of this year?
>> Um, I think on the surprise side, uh,
apparently the technology breakthrough
is a big surprise, right? Nobody was
expecting the narrative today, which is,
well, China might be even better
positioned than US in certain aspect of
AI. Consider, you know, the electricity
supply, consider the cost of all the
talent and hardware. That's totally
unimaginable before deepseek right uh I
think the second surprise was um how
China evolved and rise out of the trade
war right you know a year ago when we
look at Trump winning the election
potential escalation of trade tension
everyone perceived China to be the
biggest loser and worry about China
being potentially cut off from the
global trade system financial system
which might make China stocks
uninvestable But you know after this
year China actually proved its leverage
and China proved that it's very well
prepared. So I think that fear of China
being cut off is also largely declined.
So I would say those uh one the
long-term innovation capability is for
the upside right if China has a growth
future whether China can continue to
deliver whether it's 3% 4% 5% GDP growth
I think now investor have much more
confidence that continue the
productivity gain will be driving
China's long-term growth on the upside
and in terms of the geopolitical side
it's protecting the downside right that
there's much less fear of China being
cut cut out from the world.
>> We're still looking for positive
surprises for next year given that you
know as as Ten mentioned the market is
getting a little bit more concerned
about the macro side of things. What
could be that positive surprise?
>> Yeah. Um currently I think investors
confidence on those two items I
mentioned are already very high.
Investors confidence on policy makers
and liquidity supporting the stock
market is also relatively high. So it's
kind of hard to see much more positive
surprise on this front. But I would say
fundamental side market actually doesn't
have very high expectation in terms of
the turnaround in job market in income
expectations in consumption. So
fundamentally the biggest positive
surprise I'm hoping for is that
technology breakthrough can lead to new
user scenario and high paying jobs.
Right? Because even now everyone says AI
is displacing replacing jobs but you
know mobile internet was able to create
a lot of jobs and those were highpaying
jobs for young people. So I think for
the consumption to fundamentally turn
around for the property market to
fundamentally stabilize we probably need
a better job and income outlook for the
younger generation. Otherwise pure
monetary easing can do very little. I
mean look at Japan for the past 30 years
right so I think you know technology
breakthrough leading to highpaying jobs
that would be a real positive surprise
uh other than that if we can see more
decisive more forceful policy in terms
of addressing the over capacity issue
really take out the the the the excess
supply and capacity that's probably
going to be a a a policy measure that
market will welcome
>> yeah Ken there is that whole issue you
know ISS But something has been
surprised was that this the people that
have been participating in this equity
market and maybe this could contribute
to the household wealth
>> sort of story. Do you do they expect you
know the people that you talked to that
this rebound in Chinese markets can
actually feed into the economy in some
way?
>> I actually completely agree with what we
need said. I think the problem right now
is not lose liquidity but it's it's lack
of demand. Um so the the not very good
news um based on what my conversation
with contacts is that they don't expect
a wealth effect to be that significant
uh because a lot of uh investors their
money is still a lot of households their
money is still locked in the the the
property market which is in a downturn.
Uh very little of the money is in the in
the stock market. So even though the
stock market is doing well
>> um their extra money they're they're
earning from the stock market market may
be enough for extra nice meal but it's
not going to be for like extra huge
spending. Um so that's the problem but
um at the end of the day uh a better
market is going to be not bad for the
economy. It's going to be positive in
the sense that it's going to be it's
going to lead to better sentiment in the
market and u more and more companies
will will seek IPOs. we are going to we
we we did see uh Hong Kong uh IPO market
being the best um among the best in the
world this year and um if overseas
investors are buying a lot of um China's
offshore uh dollar and euro bonds that's
going to be supportive for the financing
cost for Chinese onore Chinese companies
selling debt overseas. So this is more
on the investment side that's going to
support and on the sentiment side that's
going to support economy rather than the
wealth effect.
>> Yeah. Um you could tell us a little bit
more about what could drive it. I mean
it it seems like valuation story is kind
of this year.
>> What about earnings? Is that going to be
the key driver of what is going to come
next year?
>> We certainly hope so because valuation
wise not only China, China is at like 78
percentile of the past 20 years of
valuation range which is already on the
higher side. uh for Asia-Pacific it's
even higher actually for most other
markets like Japan, Taiwan, India it's
80 to 90 percentile right so valuation
is getting a bit stretched not only for
China but even more so for other Asian
market especially northeast Asian market
uh what we are really hoping to see is
earnings turnaround um but on that to
your early question about the wealthy
effect right I I think you know Chinese
household the asset allocation to stock
market is much lower than in the US but
even in the US where you know stock
market equities account for much bigger
as allocation we are seeing the K-shaped
consumption
>> right so for China even we hoping on the
the the wealth effect from equity market
what we might see is K-shap that it will
benefit a small group of wealthier
better off household that participate
actively in the stock market whereas the
mass market consumption remain depressed
because of the you know even US not have
to youth unemployment issue right you
know there are similar challenges um in
today's AI age for both US and China so
I I I think fundamentally you know um
betting on pure stock market recovery to
driving broad consumption is a long shot
>> yeah okay Winnie hold that thought one
more from Winnie Woo there our thanks to
of course Tian Chen our Bloomberg Asia
FX and rates reporter Winnie of course
from BFA is staying with us here we're
coming on down to the open of trade in
Shanghai Shenzhen and Hong Kong on this
Wednesday Morning. Futures have been
flat pretty much. So, we're looking to
see maybe not much really in terms of
conviction here across this market.
Yeah, continue to be flat here this
morning. This is the China show. Good
morning.
Your agenda here today. We're still on
correction watch when it comes to MSEI
China. You can add that to eight shares
bare market cor you know watch here when
it comes to HS tech here today. So
watching some key levels on three of
those gauges as well. We talk about that
strength of course uh hash key we talk
about that meta x these are the big ones
here. Uh meta x could be the bigger one
just given the the over subscription
we've seen particularly when it comes to
this chipmaker as well. China was still
waiting for that meeting of course on
Thursday and we're still waiting for
some data in terms of FDI out of China.
But let's stay on the Meta X story here
in that debut here today. It's closely
watched by investors after of course the
stellar gains of its peer. Remember more
threads and what we saw there triple
digit gains when they debuted. Let's get
to our chat correspondent low. She's
with us here. In terms of what we saw in
the over subscription, I mean it's even
bigger than what we saw with more
threads.
>> Yes. 2,900 times overs subscribed.
Higher than what we saw with more
threads. And already more threads on its
debut. We saw it flip by as much as 500%
on day one at one point. Uh so
definitely a lot of interest in many of
these new chip startups in China
especially given the domestic
substitution theme. Uh this is a company
that is founded by an ex AMD employee.
Three of its founding team members are
previously from AMD and it really
reminds me of Morth which is founded by
an ex Nvidia employee. So this is a
company that designs and sells GPUs for
graphic rendering, for AI inferencing,
for general computing purposes as well.
And the company has said that its latest
generation chips are closing the gap
with Nvidia's H100.
So that's really interesting. Of course,
the short-term outlook here could be a
bit uncertain given that the Nvidia's
H200 chips has already gotten approval
from Trump administration to sell to
China. But at this point, the Chinese
government has not really given a clear
guidance as to whether or not Chinese
companies can buy them.
>> And we're expecting more listings of of
chipmakers to come.
>> That's right. Because the Chinese
government has obviously been trying to
support the strategic sector. So they've
been loosening the rules allowing
unprofitable companies to list on the
star market. So this is a company meta
one of those like more threads both are
loss making and they are taking
advantage of this new channel to list.
Uh so we are expecting more companies
including Changing Memory Technologies,
Yangzi Memory Technologies. These are
potential ones that could list in in
Shanghai. Uh and of course there has
been a lot of interest for these
mainland Chinese IPOs because they have
been seeing an average pop of about 250%
on day one of trading and that's partly
because the authorities have been
putting a lid on the amount of issuances
on shore.
>> Yep. Okay. So there's that. There's also
hashkey which of course you spoke to the
chairman and CEO. We'll bring you that
interview in just a few moments as well.
That was our China correspondent
Minimman Low on that. We're still with
Winnie Woo, head of APEC equity strategy
and co-head of China equity research of
BFA global research. It seems like
there's still a lot of demand for some
of these chipmakers. Yep.
>> In China, when we were talking about
when it comes to this AI trade, it was,
you know, shift away from the hard uh
hyperscalers, ship away from the
hardware, maybe go into energy. Where
are we now in this whole AI discussion
in China?
>> Yeah, I mean for overseas investors
looking into China AI, the first stop
easily is the ADRs, right? you know is
the big e-commerce internet platforms
and some of the data centers and then we
see a broadening out to infrastructure
right to the hardwares to the supply
chains power supply companies I mean
PCBs CCLs
um and now I think after November we see
increasing interest about China for
China localization story because people
start to realize when you own American
AI chip company versus owning Korea and
Taiwanese company is like the same
trade, right? Because it's all very
correlated. Whereas buying China
domestic AI chip company, memory
company, equipment company might have a
bit diversification, right? Because it's
still in the broader AI theme, but they
have different drivers. They are
servicing the China localization import
substitution story and there might be
more potential room for positive
surprise in terms of continue the
technology development. So I do think
there is increased interest in these new
IPOs especially if they are in the niche
areas where traditionally they are
dominated by foreign players right so
whether it's the AI accelerator or
memory companies I I I think there's
certainly increasing interest among
global investor um although some of the
concern hold back is still
>> valuation right still
>> valuation and the different entity list
>> ah okay so there's still that um it
seems like in the tech sector, right? I
you you can still focus on some of those
themes that you mentioned, but when I
look at autos, when I look at food
delivery, is that are those still going
to be the weaker sectors that we're
looking at within the tech cohort?
>> Yeah, I mean, I think the outlook, the
fear is that we'll see continue the
deceleration, right? Given the high base
uh in the past few years of very rapid
growth already, very high penetration
and even the trading subsidy, the
marginal benefit is going to decline,
right? You just have bought a car this
year. are you going to buy another one
next year? Um I think on food delivery
side there's a lot of debate the earning
visibility is just very low right many
investor hoped that third quarter this
year would be the bottom that the price
war will stop um but I think after the
result people get a bit less sure right
because if the fundamental
supply demand imbalance hasn't been
addressed if people's consumption power
purchasing power remains to be weak then
how do you turn that around right so I I
think that's partly leading into the the
the challenge for next year of lack of
earning visibility. Yeah. Because this
year for MSI China earnings downgrade,
right? Consensus was forecasting 8 9%
year-on-year growth at the beginning of
>> and it's down to negative 2 3% now and
the big downgrade is mainly from the
e-commerce food delivery sector. So next
year are we expecting
>> turnaround? Is it getting worse? because
at least the first half this year was
still relatively high base. We simply
don't know yet, right? So next year I
think the the the challenge for China
market lack of earning visibility
remains to be a big one
>> and what really has been driving the
Hong Kong performance was was southbound
flows that seems to be drying up of
late. Why why do you think that is?
>> Um so we'll see. There is potentially a
seasonality factor. So when I was
marketing in Shanghai in early November,
some of the insurance asset management
already said, well, we've had a great
year and it's probably time to to lock
in some gains. Don't want to make the
base too high for next year, right? So
so there might be the year end profit
taking factor. But on top of that, you
know, uh a couple weeks ago, Chinese
regulation about relaxing insurers
stockholding, um the the capital
requirement for insurance stockholding,
the stocks that qualify for the
relaxation were all are all supposed to
be the ashare index constitute. So
Hshare high yield stocks or H share tax
stocks technically doesn't qualify. So
there's a fear that insurers might be
incentivized to hold more A share rather
than H share. Um finally there's some
market chat about the you know incentive
scheme for the the the unsure mutual
fund manager if you end up perform the
benchmark by 10% for three consecutive
years. There might be a clawback in your
bonuses. So the incentive is for unsure
mutual fund manager to be staying closer
to their benchmark and H is not in their
benchmark. I
>> I want to get your your outlook on APAC
as well. I mean given that the winners
have been North Asia, I think India's
kind of been the lagard here.
>> What are the bearing in both cases now
for next year? M um next year if US
market continue to be driven by AI uh
then I think and and it's a continue the
bull market which is kind of the base
case expectation now then the base case
is sort of a continuation of this year's
trend that you know North Asia Korea
Japan China Taiwan with the AI story
that's supplying to whether it's the
Nvidia Google or Apple might continue to
show better growth whereas India might
be perceived as a relatively loser in
the AI development. Uh but having said
that in the alternative case scenario
what if AI growth is having some setback
right you know the potential short-term
pullback along the scurve uh then India
and asan market might be the better
hiding places for less downside and
relatively less impacted less crowded
position.
>> Winnie have a great rest of the 2025 see
you next year. Winnie Woo there, head of
APAC equity strategy and co-head of
China equity research of BFA global
research. You remember fix just crossing
your Bloomberg here slightly on the
weaker side at 705 against the dollar
here today. Pre-market is flat. We'll
have more coming up. This is Bloomberg.
All right, one stock really to watch
here today. Look at Meta XO 568%
upside on the first day of school here.
We talked about how it was so overs
subscribed even more over subscribed
than what more threads its rival did uh
just a few weeks ago. So certainly it is
a stellar stellar debut for the
chipmaker here today on China and
certainly focusing on whether this is
going to really spearhead another rally
when it comes to the tech stocks here
and maybe create a bit more excitement
around some of these new uh listings
here. So certainly there's some fund
managers saying MetaX might actually
have 10 to 12 times upside potential. We
got the open coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, looking at live pictures now
from the Hong Kong Exchange. A big
listing debut here today. We're talking
about Hash Key. This is of course the
operator of Hong Kong's largest licensed
cryptocurrency exchange. They raised
about $26 million uh in this IPO here
and did offer those shares towards the
higher uh end of the market range here.
what we're seeing in the shares is not
doing a whole lot here this morning, but
certainly uh it is a a key sort of uh
thing to watch here given, you know, the
IPO market in Hong Kong continues to be
hot and this is just another reason uh
why we're seeing that and December has
been busy which we've been talking to
our ECM team about here as well. So, uh
this is what we're seeing here right now
as we countd down to that gong ceremony
here. Uh they did sell about 240 million
shares uh in this Hong Kong IPO, 668
each here uh as well. Well, there you
go. Let's listen in.
>> There you go. Shares up marginally
higher here about 6/10 of 1%. But
certainly this IPO performance is going
to be a key test for Hong Kong as well,
whether this push to become a regional
hub for digital assets uh can actually
come true. So, Hash Key uh very much a
part of that story in some ways. One of
the earliest crypto exchanges to be
licensed here in the city after, of
course, they unveiled that dedicated
digital asset regime back in 2022. So,
there you go. Shares up about 1% here.
But yeah, we got to talk about something
else, right, that's happening in
Shanghai because that might be
overshadowing what's going on with
Hashkey today. Yes, we're talking about
MetaX Integrated Circuits Shanghai. uh
explosive sort of uh IPO here, first day
of listing in the Shanghai market. Here
we're talking about this is the China
chip maker. Uh you you you may remember
more threads that debuted just a few
weeks ago earlier this month. Yeah, we
saw a pretty similar sort of first day
as well where it was up triple digits
like what we're seeing with MetaX as
well. And this IPO and this listing in
particular was even more overs
subscribed than more threads, right? So
we were talking nearly 3,000 times overs
subscribed on the retail portion. So
this is of course the maker of graphics
processing units for AI developers. Of
course this is a big big industry that's
growing at a very rapid pace here right
now as of course consumers and
businesses adopt AI services. So is this
going to be the catalyst here for a
rally in tech stocks once again? Uh but
yes, I'm saying that could be bring some
more upside of course uh to this market.
All right, we'll talk a little bit more
about Metax in just a bit here. We're
going to take a look at the rest of the
opens here in terms of your mainland
markets. And we are still seeing slight
green arrows here this morning.
Recovering from the sell-off that we
saw. Uh we didn't quite hit the
correction territory, mind you, for HSCI
or MSEI China. Uh but right now we're
seeing if we get to that today. Looks
like today we're pretty steady. We'll
see how the rest of the day goes. Uh but
you are seeing some of these large caps
like Qua CL uh slightly to the downside
here today. Uh not much really catalyst
here. We're still tracking Shanghai
crude just given the move that we saw in
oil overnight, given the over supply
concerns here this morning. Uh copper is
not doing a whole lot here after
reaching record highs that we saw in the
LM contract on Friday. But here's Hong
Kong. This might be more important, but
you take a look at what we've been
seeing so far. Uh Shinwa had a good line
about the eco picture here. They're
still expecting 5% growth uh for this
year for China, which is no surprise. I
think most economists we talked to say
we are likely going to hit that target.
Next year seems to be more of that
question mark, but we're seeing marginal
declines here. So, a little bit better
than yesterday, but we're still seeing
tech a little bit under pressure here
today. And it is the likes of Alibaba,
BU, Tencent, and Maidto that are
slightly to the downside. Xiaomi is
doing a little bit better, but mind you,
you know, Dollar China continues to be a
strong one. 703 levels here right now.
That is one of the stronger prints that
we've seen for for this year. Uh, and
there was another weak fix from the
PBOC. So, the central bank is trying to
at least maybe slow down some of these
gains that we've seen of late. All
right, let's get to, of course, another
listing that we just talked about. Hash
Key says it is not considering expanding
into the US market just yet, but is not
ruling out the possibility once
Washington introduces regulations for
crypto financing. Speaking exclusively
with Bloomberg, the chairman and CEO,
Shaun, discussed the timing of the
listing amid a slide in crypto prices.
like, huh,
>> we don't know how crypto prices may
fluctuate next month, so we didn't give
it too much consideration to short-term
market sentiment. It's been 7 years
since we established Hashi in Hong Kong
in 2018. We feel it's the right time for
an IPO. Second, and more importantly, we
expect the US to fully establish the
core legal framework for crypto finance
in the first quarter of next year. We
see that as an opportunity for market
development. We want to be fully
prepared before that and an IPO is part
of our preparation.
>> Does it mean that you are in the process
of obtaining approvals and license to
operate in the US and what is your
progress on that front?
>> We don't have any specific plans to
enter the US market yet, but we view it
as a huge future opportunity. So, we're
closely monitoring innovations and
developments in US and SEC regulations.
We're also very pleased to see that in
the past month or two, the SEC and the
CFTC have introduced many new regulatory
rules around crypto assets and finance.
They have clarified many areas, making
the rules for the market increasingly
clear. So, we look forward to the day we
can enter the US market. What is your
outlook on the regulatory space in
mainland China? Do you think at some
point it could match Hong Kong's
regulations?
>> We see that mainland China is investing
significant resources to promote the
development of the central bank's
digital R&B. By doing so, China
acknowledges blockchain technology and
the tokenization of currency. In fact,
there's mutual recognition of some
infrastructure from the perspective of
underlying basic technology. The current
restrictions in China, I believe, are
not aimed at cryptocurrencies or digital
assets. China has adhered to capital and
foreign exchange controls for decades.
If the capital is converted into a token
such as a stable coin, it will impact
controls from the mainland. So rules on
capital controls need to be set first
before allowing the crossber flow of
funds.
>> Your company is still making losses as
of first half of this year. I believe
it's about 500 million Hong Kong dollars
in losses. What is your path to
profitability?
>> We have a longerterm plan. Currently, I
think profitability is not the core
indicator for our business operations
because the market is developing rapidly
and we still have plenty of work to do
which requires massive investment.
However, we pay more attention to our
cash flows which determine whether a
company can operate sustainably.
>> How long will this round of IPO
financing sustain your cash flow?
>> Before this, we had a cash reserve of
nearly 2.2 2 billion Hong Kong dollars
on our balance sheet. Based on the cash
flow generated by our monthly
operations, if the 2.2 billion Hong Kong
dollars serves as a supplement to our
operating cash flow, it can sustain our
future operations for 40 months, which
is over 3 years, assuming we don't
expand our investments. The IPO will
increase our cash flow by more than 2
billion Hong Kong dollars. So together I
believe we can not only achieve a longer
period of sustainable operations but
also increase our investments over the
next 2 years a period when the market
could develop very quickly.
>> And that was a hashkey group chairman
and CEO Sha Fun speaking with
Bloomberg's Minimman Low. And as we've
been talking about right it's been a
banner year when it comes to share sales
in Asia and you take a look at how the
league tables are kind of fairing.
Morgan Stanley has now pulled ahead
there and despite competition from other
Wall Street giants and Chinese banks for
more. Let's bring in our Bloomberg Asia
Equity Capital Markets reporter Dave
Sebastian and tell us really now who's
on top of we talking Morgan Stanley but
you know what's been driving that. Yeah.
So, it's been a really fierce year of
competition for banks and out of that we
have Morgan Sally at the top, you know,
with nearly $28 billion worth of deals
in equity and uh CBS and EBS as well.
And that's a nearly $9 billion lead
ahead of uh Goldman. And apart from
that, we've also got JP Morgan and Citic
Securities and UBS in the top five. And
really what's common among these banks
is that they've been working on some of
the biggest deals in the region if not
the world such as CL's 5.3 billion
listing as well as uh Tatine Gold's 3
billion plus uh listing back in uh
September. So uh I mean like these banks
have been getting a good chunk of the um
slice this year, you know.
>> Yeah. And two years in a row for Morgan
Stanley. Um it's interesting right when
we talk about the different dynamics in
this market where there you know during
the co era there was a lot of Chinese
banks that were taking up a little bit
of the pie
>> and yet still we were seeing a lot of US
banks remain on top for this year right
so how did it this year go you think
among the banks
>> so interestingly um you know like for
them so like for uh the first quarter it
was quite slow for them because there
were uh two big deals that of BYD and
Xiaomi more than $5 billion each that
they missed out on but uh they sort of
climbed back up uh somewhere like in the
summer uh where they started picking up
big soul deals where they're getting
sole mandates including uh a big CB and
ping on insurance as well as a big block
trade um you know like in like in in
somewhere in July and so uh you know
like that really propelled them to the
top and uh they also picked up some uh
you know deals in healthcare as well and
uh that eventually led them to where
they are right now with nearly 10%
market share.
>> Yeah. Uh yeah uh early early slow start
but then it catched up in the end. Uh
you know we talked about the big massive
pipeline for Hong Kong but what what
really is next that we need to watch out
for?
>> So for banks at least the competition
will be still fierce going into next
year you know especially for these uh
banks uh you know like they would have
to uh contend with competition with
Chinese banks as well um especially here
in Hong Kong for uh listings for
>> imagine how fees are
>> exactly and and like they're low. Like
we did a story last week about listing
fees and they're touching lows, you
know, like in u nearly a quarter century
it seems uh at least and uh you know so
I mean like there's a competition and on
the pipeline side there's uh some 300
companies uh in the pipeline according
to the exchange but how many of those or
how well they do next year that really
depends on the market. So we'll see how
it goes. All right, Dave, great stuff.
Asia Equity Capital Markets reporter
Dave Sebastian there on how these leak
tables are shaping up as we wrap up the
year here. But yes, uh MetaX, that one
certainly is is a is a domestic listing
and this is the one of course is a big
one here once again. 560% upside on the
first day. 691
per share here for MetaX. Uh coming up,
we'll look at why. Hey, well, we've been
talking about that dam in China. It
stirred up controversy and could even
strain relations with India. We have
more from our Bloomberg originals coming
up next. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China Show. Here are
some of the big corporate stories we're
tracking for you today. Bloomberg has
learned that Warner Brothers Discovery
has planned to reject Paramount's
hostile takeover bid due to concerns
about financing and other terms. Sources
say the company's board still views its
existing agreement with Netflix as
offering greater value. Warner Brothers
early agreed to sell its studios,
streaming business, and HBO to Netflix
for about $83 billion including debt.
Whimo is said to be in discussions to
raise more than $15 billion at a
valuation near a hundred billion in a
financing round led by its parent
company Alphabet. The company has
achieved an annual revenue run rate
above $350 million. The robo taxi maker
is the front runner in a race against
Tesla and others to turn autonomous ride
hailing into a business. And Bloomberg
has learned that China's Lucken Coffee
is mulling a bid for Nestle's Blue
Bottle Coffee to boost its brand profile
and expand in the premium coffee
segment. Sources say Lucken is also
evaluating other acquisition targets,
including the operator of Percentage
Arabica coffee stores in China. Founded
in 2017, Lucken has expanded with
thousands of stores offering lowcost
coffee, surpassing Starbucks and store
numbers in China. And Chennowanca has
unveiled a revised bond extension
proposal for creditors to vote on as it
makes another attempt to gain support
for a plan to avoid default. The company
is offering to pay 60 million yen in
interest due on December 15th by the end
of Monday and is proposing to extend its
grace period to 30 trading days. Wonka
is scheduled to hold a bond holder
meeting on Thursday to discuss the
latest proposal.
Now, China is currently building one of
the world's largest hydroelect electric
dam and one of the most earthquakerprone
regions on the planet. The dam in Tibet
is set to cost $167 billion and could
take at least a decade to finish, but it
comes with a set of challenges.
Bloomberg's originals took a look. And
here's a preview.
From the glacial melt here, the Yaong
Sanangpo River flows over a thousand km
east along the edge of the Tibetan
plateau before performing what many
consider a geological miracle at a
location known as the Great Bend, right
where the plateau meets the Himalayas.
It's at the Great Bend in Medog County,
Tibet, where construction of the Yasha
or lower Yalong Hydropower Project
officially began in July 2025.
It's a place so remote a road only
reached it in 2013.
>> The energy generation from this project
will break like records in in like many
different dimensions. It will be by far
the world's largest individual source of
energy. 60 gawatt of installed capacity.
>> The Chinese government has said that
this will generate about 300 billion
kwatt hours a year. That's more than the
UK uses an entire year. It's also about
three times more than the three gorge
generates.
>> Unlike a traditional walled dam,
observers believe this one would be made
up of a series of hydropower stations
along the river. Theories vary, but some
outside experts suggest there would be
one upstream dam with a large reservoir
to regulate the water flow. This would
be followed by a second smaller dam at
the top of the gorge where water would
be diverted from the Great Bend through
the mountains via a number of
underground tunnels and turbines before
potentially entering another smaller
reeregulation dam at the bottom of the
gorge. This could stabilize the flow
before the river continues downstream
into India
>> and subscribers can watch the full
documentary on the terminal and also on
bloomberg.com.
All right, checking markets here right
now. We are seeing a bit of a turn here
to the positive side of things when it
comes to the CSI 300 and the hang. Uh we
are now half 1% up uh on shore. 25,280
for your hang here. And HS Tech seems to
be uh patching a bid here as well.
Obviously, when it comes to a lot of
anticipation, all excitement around Meta
X. There you go. 560%
uh gains there here today. Maybe that's
giving a little bit more upbeat
excitement here over uh tech and the
like here today. Uh the rest of the
markets are doing this here. We are
still seeing a slight rebound when it
comes to the region after what has been
a few days of selling. And you are
seeing at least when it comes to Nick a
Cosby and Taiwan are now in positive
territory with Taipei up about 610 of
1%. Australia though is heading the
opposite direction here today. Now if
you are a subscriber and we want to
rewatch our reports and interviews and
you can watch it through of course our
interactive TV function TV go also
become part of the conversation and send
us instant messages. Check it out at TV
go.
Well, Citadel founder and CEO Ken
Griffin says Republican policies on
tariffs and immigration are currently
driving inflation. Speaking with
Bloomberg in Paris, he thinks in the
long run their push for deregulation
will ultimately stem those pressures.
>> The big picture is the American consumer
is tired of the persistent and sticky
inflation. They feel like they can't get
ahead in a world where their savings and
their wages are constantly
deprecated by the impact of of
inflation.
>> Why Why aren't Republicans speaking to
that? Is it an issue of not having the
policies of not communicating the
policies correctly?
>> So I I think it's actually fairly
complicated. I think that the
Republicans struggle with the reality
that many of their policies
which they ran on. For example, ending
illegal immigration into the United
States are actually pro-inflationary.
Right? When you end illegal immigration,
you reduce the size of the available
workforce. That's pro-inflation. And so
the Republicans are grappling with
tariffs. Another case study. You impose
a tariff, it's a regressive tax on
consumers. It's pro-inflation. So some
of the very policies that the
Republicans have put forth and have been
successful in implementing are actually
the very policies that tend to be
pro-inflation. Some of the other
policies, for example, deregulation are
just going to take longer to play out.
And ultimately ultimately deregulation
which should unleash productivity gains
will create will create a reduction in
inflation a very healthy reduction but
we need to get to that point in time.
And that was Ken Griffin there Citadel
founder and CEO speaking with her
colleague Danny Burgerer in Paris. All
right, some other stories that we're
tracking for you today. President
Trump's push to loosen China's influence
in the Panama Canal has reportedly hit a
snag with Beijing upping its demands in
a deal to sell dozens of ports. The Wall
Street Journal says China will block the
port's deal with the Black Rockck le
group unless Chinese shipping company
Costco gets a majority stake. Black
Rockck and his partner were open to
offering Costco an equal stake, but the
new demands are said to be unacceptable.
The Trump administration is threatening
to retaliate against the EU over efforts
to tax American tech companies. The
Office of the US Trade Representative
said in a social media post that it
would use every tool at its disposal to
counter the EU's measures. The
department singled out prominent
European companies including Asensure,
Seammens, and Spotify as possible
targets. All right, checking markets
here right now. Possible movers here.
Well, let's take a look at it because
Apple suppliers, right, it's a mostly
higher here. Uh there's been this report
from the information about how the
iPhone line might be expanded. So with
at least seven new models expected by
late 2027. So some of these suppliers
are gaining on those news on this
possible major expansion which would in
release of course this first foldable
iPhone uh that could be uh coming out in
fall 2026 according to the information.
So that's one sector that we're watching
very closely although a tech is heading
the other opposite direction. Uh we're
also watching some of these battery
stocks as well. Uh and we we talked
about the news from Ford yesterday uh
entering into the battery energy storage
system business. According to UBS, you
know, some of these Chinese battery
manufacturers may face the risk of
losing market share in the US. We're not
quite seeing that negative reaction in
some of these stocks. In fact, GVON
lithium is up some 4% here today. Uh
Treasury Wine is an interesting story.
They were just talking about when it
comes to the China slowdown and that's
really been weighing on overall their
earnings. The shares basically sank to
the lowest in more than a decade or down
more than 8 and a half% after announcing
an overhaul which including asset sales
and cost cuts here. Uh but really
they've been talking about the CEO uh
the company experiencing category
weakness in the US and in China and it
will impact their business performance
uh in the near term. So that certainly
is something that has been uh obviously
you know a big sort of question mark for
the maker of Penfolds right the producer
um where the shares were falling as much
as 17%. We've come off that a little bit
but they also cancelled that $133
million stock buyback and said to be
reviewing its planned capital
investments. So uh certainly a lot of
uncertainty when it comes to that
company when it comes to the outlook for
China as well. So there you go. Rest of
markets are doing this right. So apart
from the meta x story which is going
nuts right 552% gains uh in the Shanghai
market uh it is at least helping to keep
onore markets afloat whereas the hang is
still losing a bit of momentum here
today. Keep in mind uh we are still on
correction watch when it comes to the
HSCI as well as Msei China. HS tech is
now flipped back into negative territory
here. So there is a bit of consolidation
that's being taken place here today in
the Hong Kong market as well. Hashi is
not doing a whole lot. Uh slightly up
when we were just checking uh when it
just came online here. Uh CGBs are doing
this here. We're seeing yields actually
lower here by by one basis points in the
10 years. So there is a bid for bonds uh
this morning and Shanghai crude is lower
down about 2%. We'll have a lot more
coming up in the next hour. Belle is
going to be joining me here to walk us
through some of the key themes here.
We're going to have Maja Bean Zaman from
A&Z to talk us FX and the like. You're
watching the China show.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. A half hour into
the session, we're coming off some of
the initial highs, but we're still
seeing slight gains. to the upside here
about a third of 1%. At least we've
avoided uh what we've been talking about
MCI China. We've been talking about
eight shares is really correction
territory. We haven't quite hit that
just yet. We we escaped that a little
bit yesterday at the close. Uh we'll see
if we continue here today, but really it
has been fluctuating between gains and
losses when it comes to the Hong Kong
market side of things here. But of
course, MetaX that is at least keeping
Shanghai afloat here this morning given
the substantial outperformance. So we're
talking about 500 plus gains on the
first day of school. Well, I want to
bring in our co-anchor for this hour,
Annabelle Jewelers. Uh, she joins us
from Sydney here. Uh, yeah, this Meta X
story has been remarkable, Belle.
>> Yeah, it's an incredible one. And I have
to say this morning at 9:30 a.m. or even
prior to that, I was already sitting at
my computer anxiously awaiting this
trading debut. But I think when you took
a look at just the the over subscription
on the retail portion, it was pretty
clear that we were going to see a very
strong jump at the open. We got that
about a surge of 570%. There's a lot of
parallels that I think are really
interesting to draw as well between Meta
X and more threads and we can get on
that in just a moment. But but let's
also take a look at what's happening in
the bigger Asian complex today as well
because that's certainly also a story
that's reflecting the US jobs figures
that we got overnight. Uh signs of
sluggishness. I think that maybe at a
headline level it looked like it was
yeah some mild deterioration but still
some cause for concern I guess under the
hood when you really considered those
figures. Not enough though to really
change the base case around Fed easing
for next year which is still looking at
least from the trader perspective for
for two further reductions in the key
rates. So Asian equities I mean you've
seen them looking pretty flat there
today. But some of the other things
we're tracking of course is what's
happening in the oil market because we
saw uh crude tracking back down to a
5-year low. We have though seen a slight
move higher this morning around 1% or so
for the benchmark. So that was after
President Trump said he was ordering a
blockade of sanctioned oil tankers
rather going into and leaving Venezuela.
So certainly ratcheting up the pressure
on Caracas uh with that US military
buildup in the region, the threat of
land strikes as well. We've just had a
response though uh from the Venezuela VP
saying that Trump is looking to to steal
resources with threats and uh also again
responding to Trump wanting to seize
Venezuelan oil. That's some of the lines
we just got there from Venezuela's VP in
a statement posted to Telegram. But as
we said, that story very much around
Meta X today and and the trading
activity we're seeing so far for that
company. So, it's a a company that again
is making GPUs similar to more threads,
but GPUs for for AI chips and you can
see that surge uh really continuing to
hold half an hour into the session.
>> Yeah, let's bring in our China
correspondent Milo to join in on this.
Right. We talked about the retail
interest was was quite massive. Um, tell
us a bit more about the company.
>> Yeah, it's a very interesting company.
It's founded by an ex uh AMD employee
and it really does seem to be the
playbook for many of these Chinese
startups these days that they work in a
big international company. So for this
particular company, Meta X, the CEO
worked for 14 years at AMD. 5 years ago,
he left to focus on his own startup and
he has been hiring aggressively a crop
of top tier t talents. one of his first
hires uh was the CTO who also was one of
the first Chinese female scientists for
AMD as well. So very similar to more
threats which is also started by an ex
Nvidia employee and we saw the retail uh
portion of the IPO overs subscribed by
nearly 3,000 times and really eyepopping
sort of gains that we saw at the trading
debut today. It really makes me question
as well what happens in the underwriting
process. you know, how do they value a
company that is still unprofitable at
this point?
>> Yeah, it's interesting too, Bel. I mean,
we we talk about, you know, China's
really trying to create these national
champions and and these sort of
alternatives to to Nvidia. Belle, how
does really Meta X stack up among some
of the the national names that you've
been covering?
>> Yeah. So, I think Meta X is a name
that's actually being consistently
highlighted to me by investors. I know
people are very bullish on this company
and the prospects for it, but as Mimman
said there, it still is one that's
lossmaking even though it's actually
projecting a faster path to break even
than you see from more threads. But in
terms of how much of the market it's
capturing right now, I think it's
looking at around 1% of of China's chip
needs. So, it really is just a minnow.
But at the same time, uh, the technology
that it's pursuing is is certainly very
targeted because unlike more threads
that's sort of focused on on consumer
gaming GPUs and and and fully functional
GPUs, MetaX is is really pursuing high
performance AI training and data center
workloads. So, they've got chips that
are very much specialized for this
purpose. So again, I think that just
speaks to why there is so much interest
in this stock, particularly when you had
uh the reporting early this week or or
last week from us at Bloomberg that
scoop that that China's looking at
directing as much as $70 billion into
the ecosystem to to more fully build it
out and focus on that self-reliancy.
>> Yeah. And a key question is whether of
course China is approving or at least
allowing these Chinese companies to buy
up Nvidia H200 chips right which
President Trump gave the green light to
just a few weeks ago as well. How is
that going to all fair you think for for
MetaX?
>> Yeah of course it will have short-term
impact on the company because if Chinese
companies get the green light to buy
from Nvidia then they will not need as
much of these domestic homemade chips.
But I think longer term the theme of
domestic uh substitution is going to
stay right because I think uh sources
have been saying that the Chinese
government's thinking even if they were
to allow people to buy the H200 chips
they see that as just a temporary
solution to buy time for local chip
makers to catch up with with foreign
technology because one of the big
bottlenecks right now uh that people are
telling us in the industry is that
Chinese chips are able to do inferencing
work but they still can't do training
work which requires uh you know,
ingesting large amounts of data and then
finding the connection between them. So,
that's where uh companies like MetaX are
still far from catching up with the
likes of Nvidia. The company did say
that the their latest chips are close to
catching up with Nvidia's H100 chips,
but that is, you know, the second latest
generation that that Nvidia has. It's
one generation away from the latest
Blackwell chips.
>> Yeah. Belle, you know, talk a little bit
more about that. Right. There there's so
much AI euphoria. You're seeing that
very like you know today with Meta X but
does it in some way mass some of the the
long-term technological challenges that
China AI still faces right now in terms
of the manufacturing side?
>> Yeah. Well, manufacturing has been one
of the key bottlenecks and and you've
got two main foundaries. There's SMIC,
there's Huah Huang, but it's only SMIC
that can produce those advanced nodes
and that is the big challenge I guess or
one of the key bottlenecks is just
getting that manufacturing capability. I
do think it's interesting though because
we've heard from a range of different
chip designers, the likes of Cambercon
for instance, Huawei that are all
talking about scaling up their
production capabilities next year or or
having greater production output. So
exactly how SMIC and Hua Wong plan to
handle that I think is going to be
really interesting to track. But yeah,
in terms of of where where Met X sits in
this, I mean, yes, they're catching up
to Mim's point, the H100 again, it's
from that Honeywell series. So you've
got the blackwell right now. You're
going into Reuben architecture next year
for Nvidia. So clearly a bit of a ways
behind still, but uh we have seen chip
makers as well really kind of getting
quite creative with the way that they
look at their chipm
instance. Huawei as a company has
pursued uh supercomputing clusters for
instance that yes might have a higher
energy need but still can get high
compute power as well to try and compete
with what you get from the US
>> and we're not quite done right I mean
we're talking about there's still a
flurry of companies in the AI space
they're looking to list for next year
what are we tracking so far for for
>> so we have companies like Yangza memory
technology changen memory technologies
these two that could be seeking an IP
IPO potentially next year on the star
market as well and it really points to
the success of the Chinese government
policy so far because they have loos
loosen the listing rule to allow
unprofitable companies to list on the
star market and that's why more threat
uh and meta x are able to list um and as
bell mentioned the high electricity need
uh for companies like Huawei as well
many provinces are now providing
subsidies lowering electricity costs to
support the buildout of data centers in
China. So yes, many you know industry
watchers are saying that this uh policy
from the Chinese government really is
supporting the sector and that's why we
are seeing so much interest on an index
like the chex right there's been a lot
of uh concern around AI valuation being
uh or overexpanded sort of capex
spending among the top tier companies
but many people are now looking at some
of the second tier companies that are
listed on the chinx or the star market.
Belle, you know, next year's going to be
quite busy for you, too, I'm guessing.
Uh, tell us what's on your radar in
terms of of some of these AI plays next
year.
>> Yeah. Well, exactly to Mimman's point, I
mean, you've got a a host of different
listings that we're looking at in the
China chip space. I think also one that
we really should mention as well, and
one that I've already just been in touch
with even as as latest today is BU
because there are reports that they're
looking at listing off their Kun Shin
division, which is the maker of the Kun
chip. So, uh, this is again, um, you
know, chips that are being used to power
data centers. This is a company or or
business unit that's being valued at as
much as $3 billion. So, just another
name we're going to be tracking very
closely next year.
>> All right, our thanks to of course Mman,
our China correspondent on the latest
when it comes to Meta X here this
morning. Uh, here's a look at how Asian
markets are doing as we go to this break
here right now. And we say it's a pretty
quiet day, but at least we're seeing
positive gains here when it comes to
onro markets. CSI 300 is up about a
tenth of 1%. Hangen is flat. Nick A and
Cosby though slightly higher. This is
Bloomberg.
We expected ongoing softness in the
labor market, but it isn't creating a
pullback in the broad economy.
>> Yes, inflation is high and it's
persistent. Uh but it has been coming
down. If you look at the uh unemployment
rate, it's true that the unemployment
rate did tick up. That uptick though is
statistically insignificant. And if you
dig into the numbers and look at what
caused uh it to go up, it's it's
entirely driven by re-entry into the
labor force.
>> Corporate earnings have been really the
star here. Retail sales control group
number was was pretty strong.
>> Let the Dubs have their day. Uh but
Thursdays, I think, will belong to the
Hawks.
you were just listening there to what
some of our guests have had to say about
the jobs numbers from the US that came
in overnight. But uh recapping some of
those figures because again as we've
been saying sluggishness at at at the
the topline level but also quite choppy.
So you saw payrolls for instance uh
gains there of of 64,000 in November
that was after a decline of course that
we saw you can see that drop there that
big red bar of more than 100,000 in in
October. The unemployment rate as well
ticking up to to 4.6%. 6%. So continuing
its upward climb. So it just seems like
more and more out of work Americans are
struggling to land new jobs and that's
sort of the bigger picture that we can
take away from this doesn't perhaps
change uh any expectations around where
the Fed goes next year though. But let's
bring in Majabin Zaman, head of FX
research at A&Z and and Majin, how did
you digest the figures and and what did
they tell you as well about the state of
the US economy?
>> Yeah, look I think very mixed picture on
the jobs data and noisy as you said.
Look, government jobs continue to be
under pressure. I mean, we knew the
deferred resignations post Doge changes
were coming into play. Private payrolls
is the key indicator. Now, that's been
stopped for quite some time uh and
deteriorating. So, again, broadly, we do
see a noisy but weaker job market out
there. And then, of course, when we
think about what the Fed is going to do
or what the expect market expectations
for Fed cuts are largely, you know,
still pointing to the dish side of
things. Now we are continuing to expect
two more rate cuts next year from the
Fed and I think that's also supported by
the fact that uh we had the average
hourly earnings down. We had employment
costs uh income ratio which is the
broadest measure of uh wages also lower.
So you know from the supply side of
inflation I think that's coming off
quite a bit as well. And so I think that
kind of plays into our view of two more
cuts ahead.
This is coming against a time when I
guess the rest of the world seems to be
at least signaling the end of their
easing cycles. Majin, should I assume
then the dollar can weaken
substantially, you know, much more for
2026? I mean, how much more weakness
could we still see in the dollar? Yeah,
look, I think we do continue to expect
and broadly, you know, into next year a
gradual decline in the dollar at a much
lower speed or slower speed than we saw
last year. And I think there will be a
push and pull from the domestic side of
things in the US as well as the
international side. Of course, on the
domestic front, we've got Fed cuts,
questions around Fred credibility, what
happens with Lisa Cook? We'll find out
and wait, we're waiting to see. Uh and
also then one of the num largest drivers
of um dollar weakness at least this year
was US policy uncertainty and of course
with the midterms around the corner
towards the end of next year that will
come into play on the domestic front.
Now on the other side of the equation of
course it's what's happening
internationally right and I think couple
of things in mind uh you know as you
said yes market expectations for whether
to New Zealand or Canada you know hikes
are starting to get priced in and so
that will kind of be supportive on those
crosses one point I also wanted to
mention was the AI boom of course US
equity markets generally looking pretty
good um but I think the question that
we've been getting is that is this a
return of US exceptionalism and will
this be a return of the US dollar
strength that we saw over the past
decade in terms of strength and we think
you know I think the AI boom depending
on how it proceeds from here it's a bit
tricky to make a call today but you know
I do think that if there is more room
for this to grow it will not just
benefit the US it will be a global
growth story because there are other
economies that are part of this AI story
which will be supportive as well so it's
not going to be just a US alone alone uh
story here
Okay, the BOJ I mean that's going to be
the big one this week on Friday. It
looks like large expect they're going to
hike. You're saying that you you don't
expect any sort of further yen strength
from here. Why why not?
>> Yeah, look, first of all, it's already
priced in. Um that's one point. The
other thing is that what we have seen in
recent BOJ meetings, they're generally
uh disappointed on guidance in terms of
uh coming up with further hawkishness.
they've always been a little bit more
cautious uh to speak to the tune of data
dependence and also maybe just
indicating a fairly shallow eing hiking
cycle ahead. I mean we are expecting
another hike next year but you know even
at 1% terminal rate for the bank of
Japan we we don't think that's very
restrictive and I don't think that
transmission for the yen is going to be
significant in terms of strength.
>> Okay. So, you're I mean, we're talking
about JGBs where basically, you know,
when you're talking about this meltup
that we've seen leading up to this,
right? I mean, it's been a while since
we've seen a 30-year JGB yield yielding
some 3% or so. Um, in terms of the
repatriation sort of concerns, you know,
people are saying this could this could
some way, you know, do an unwind of the
carry trade. You don't think that
scenario is is likely? I mean, is there
sort of any sort of risk to the the
carry trade around the yen?
Look, I think you know the yen will
continue to remain a funding currency.
Carry in effects really is uh front and
center uh especially when we see a
little bit of divergence amongst
interest rates. Now if the bank of Japan
continues to hike up to 1% into next
year we are also seeing other economies
looking at potentially consider hiking
or not in 26 and 27. So the carry trade
is very much in play as long as FX walls
remain low and at the same point of time
I to your point JGB yields you know have
moved higher but again they do not fully
reflect what the fiscal situation in
Japan is. Of course with the current
fiscal agenda which is only looking at a
bigger debt uh a wider debt situation in
Japan actually Japanese yields should be
much higher and in fact they've they're
still you know in my mind uh pretty low
as compared to where they should be and
I think a large part of that is because
Bank of Japan holds a large portion of
those
>> two two more central banks we're
watching closely there's there's ECB BOE
what are you expecting from these
>> look I think for the EC ECB uh broadly
expecting a hold there. Uh but I think
you know one thing we need to look at
closely will be the revised forecast
from the ECB. Now if the revised growth
forecasts are not adjusted high enough
or if uh Lagard comes out to say push
back on you know potential future rate
hikes and come across a little bit more
doubbish of course that will have
implications on uh the euro. Uh also
we've got the European Council meeting
coming up as well. Uh it'll be
interesting to see how the European
leaders get together and reach a
decision on various items whether it's
Ukraine, EU budget, defense spending and
maybe that will give us a sense of how
the fiscal agenda which you know again
was rolled out earlier this year how
that moves into implementation into the
next year as well. um with the Bank of
England um I think broadly markets
expecting a hike as we are um a cut as
we are
>> talking about central bank divergence I
think what's also interesting in
Australia is that you're seeing a big
split on the RBA path ahead and and not
too much consensus on whether we get a
hike in February but what's your
expectation on that
>> yeah look we continue to expect the RBA
to remain on an extended hold at 3.6%
6%. We do think that the expectations
have moved a little bit too aggressively
to price in uh rate hikes. Um we know I
think um we need to wait for more data.
Inflation data will be coming out early
next year. That will give us a bit of a
sense on where Australia stands on the
CPI front. But also labor market is a
key indicator. Now, so far, you know,
the most recent uh RBA meeting statement
was a little bit less hawkish than
markets might have been expecting. Uh it
looks like the board is keeping their
options open. And they also noted that,
you know, labor market conditions are
expected to ease modestly. Uh which kind
of again points to a bit of a less
hawkish uh than expected outcome there
from the most recent meeting.
>> Majin, thanks so much for joining us
this morning. That's Majabin Zaman
there, head of FX research at A&Z. And
coming up, we've got details on
Singapore's banks or Singapore banks
bets, that's UOB's bet on China's real
estate backfiring as the region's
property sector outlook continues to
deteriorate. We'll get the details on
that just ahead. This is Bloomberg.
We've got a breaking line crossing the
terminal here. Open AI is in talks to
raise at least $10 billion from Amazon.
This is reporting according to the
information just out in the last few
moments. But essentially uh these these
talks apparently are ongoing according
to that publication evaluation of OpenAI
at higher than $500 billion. Now if this
sort of investment were to proceed, the
information saying that it would help
OpenAI afford its commitment to rent
servers from cloud providers. that
includes AWS of course and it also could
lead to OpenAI using Amazon's uh type of
ASIC chip that it's that it's
manufacturing as well. So could be
something that involves commerce
partnership opportunities but again that
reporting there from uh the information
of
>> yeah I mean that valuation of half a
trillion is amazing uh for say open AI
uh we'll bring you the latest ones to
get a bit more of course on that story.
In the meantime, we're taking a look at
uh what it comes to what's happening
here in Hong Kong and China, which is
the property market. And one of
Singapore's top banks, U of B. It's bet
on the city and China's real estate
sector is backfiring and is now facing
mounting troubles due the region's
worsening property market. Let's bring
in our Bloomberg credit reporter, Kari
Sue Lindberg, who joins us now uh to
tell us a bit more about the pressures
that we're seeing for OOB. How exposed
are they? I would say they're
significantly exposed because they were
what you might call one of the most
aggressive in terms of deciding to
finance all these land deals both in
Hong Kong and China and they made this
bet so to speak before kind of the
property crash you know that began in 20
uh 2022 and then has like since spiraled
down and so I would say the reality is
why this matters now is because if I can
say the rooster is canal laying its eggs
essentially right and payday is coming
due so a couple weeks weeks ago when
they did their earnings, they announced
that they'll have a provision of uh 615
uh 615 million Singaporean dollars. And
so what does that mean? That means
that's the potential amount for bad
loans that they may have to write off on
their books as a result of this bet
because most of those loans are coming
from deals that were made in this very
city.
>> Wow. Um, so what sort of impact do you
will you likely see, right? These these
woes that we're seeing in their exposure
to to China property, how is that going
to really hit the bank longer term?
>> Yeah, I think it really I think that is
still kind of the ongoing saga. That's a
real question mark. And that so much
will depend on if their bet is paying
off, right? Because they're making a bet
right now that um by rolling over and
refinancing all these loans, they can
ride the kind of property market cycle,
so to speak, and hope that the
valuations go up again. But um that will
really be you know to be determined
essentially.
>> All right Kari, thank you for bringing
that story for us. Kari Sue Lindrech
there, our credit reporter uh on u uh
Bal, you've been checking markets here
in particular when it comes to silver
once again hitting records.
>> Yeah, absolutely. It really seems like
we're just getting that continued rally
in metals into year end. But uh yes,
silver has been hitting a fresh record
high and so we are seeing strong demand
for for precious metals across the board
and you're seeing some of these China
linked silver stocks that are surging.
so far. What else is uh surging or has
been surging this morning is SBI Shinsi
Bank over in Tokyo. So, we're talking
about the debut for Metarex, but but
certainly uh we're seeing other trading
debuts and this is one of those that
we've got today. Uh 322 billion yen
raised. It's the second biggest IPO
we've seen in Japan this year. So,
giving the lender a market value of 1.3
trillion yen. And lastly, I think this
is an interesting one to watch and maybe
one that I wasn't expecting as we came
into the session today, but Korean hair
loss therapy stocks are absolutely
surging and this is after the president
uh Lee remarked about the possibility of
health insurance coverage for such
treatment. So, he's saying hair loss
used to be seen as a cosmetic issue.
These days, it feels like more of a
matter of survival. I'm not sure how how
maybe the men out there feel about this,
but but we are seeing certainly a market
reaction off it. More ahead. This is
Bloomberg
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
hint at lunch break in just a moment.
And yeah, we're seeing gains here when
it comes to Nick. We're up about 175
points here right now. So, a recovery
slight one underway here. Of course,
we're still watching the yen trade 15490
level. So, still coming off some of the
strength that we've seen, but still sub
155 as we countd down, of course, to the
BOJ. Seems that we've been talking and
been counting down to the BOJ uh for
weeks now, Belle. But yes, it's
happening on Friday.
>> Finally, we're getting there to end the
week. But yes, I mean, the stage is it
seems to be set for a hike. Um let's
take a look at what's happening in the
broader markets today because we're
seeing stocks just kind of trading
ground, but we had them weaker overnight
in the US session. Uh and US futures are
still again fairly flat so far today.
But the big story is is certainly what
we're seeing in terms of the reaction to
the jobs market or jobs data that we got
because it showed a cooling jobs market
you could say. Not one that's rapidly
deteriorating. So that didn't really
upset or unseat any sort of expectations
around the Fed. We're still seeing uh
two cuts priced in for 2026, but the
odds of that happening early in the year
um being lowered down to around 20% for
for a cut in January. Otherwise, in the
session today, I mean, you're seeing
again not too many moves here. But
watching that energy index in
particular, uh given we did actually see
oil tracking back down to a 5-year low.
It has just risen a little bit in the
session uh today though after we had
President Trump again speaking about
Venezuela. Uh listings to note as well
because big debuts in Hong Kong today.
We've had Hash Key, of course, that's
one of the the the the the major crypto
exchange in the city. A little bit under
pressure, but certainly, I mean, I think
Meta X is capturing really all the
attention, but we came on about 560% to
the upside. We've now gone to 700% gain.
So, to Mimin's point, was some money
left on the table in that underwriting
process possibly, but it also just
speaks to the sort of mania and the hype
that we see around China's chip industry
as well. So, let's get more on this now.
bring in our senior Asia equities
reporter Abashek Vishno in Abashek I
mean that's quite an exceptional trading
debut there we're seeing
oh abs absolutely and you know it points
out to uh the formation of new China
that we have been you know covering um
over the last year and a half or so um
um it's a 600% jump it's definitely
impacting sentiment for you know other
chip makers other stocks tied uh to
national champions other stocks tied to
themes of localization, substitution,
but more so what it points towards when
you look this gain in in this chipmaker
in context of the other listings that
have happened in Hong Kong with not so
much gain or just almost flat is that it
shows that you know there is there there
it's a two-pronged sort of approach when
it comes to China investing. There would
be one which is new China focusing on
innovation right from chip makers to
biotech and other you know such sectors
which will be getting a lot more love
from investors and then there would be
old economy stocks tied to you know
older problems like consumer slowing
consumption um uh the downturn in
property market that would remain a
macro problem um thereby capping a
little bit of upside at the index level
but it won't stop the slow and u you
know for sure formation of this new
China that investors are buying into
which is very much you know focused on
innovation.
>> Yeah. So where does it go?
>> Go ahead.
>> Go ahead. No, new China is very
interesting, right? This is a big theme.
But when you take a look at some of
these benchmarks, we're still on sort of
correction watch, right? When I look at
Hong Kong, HStech is in bare market
watch even. How are funds positioned
right now? Are they still bullish?
They're very much bullish. I mean, we
we've just done a cross asset story
talking about uh you know, yuan stocks
um um both in mainland and Hong Kong um
bonds, you know, and the uh the outlook
that we've received from some of the
managers which are actually managing
trillions of dollars in assets. Uh you
know, is is pretty bullish for next
year. um and look at yuan's gain this
year you know first in in a few years in
context of the calls for more
appreciation of yuan to drisk the
economy away from exports so that checks
out uh in terms of China yeah you know
we would debating about this
uninvestable tag but the market has
changed market constituents which are
leading these these rallies have changed
we looking at this chipmaker which has
jumped 500 600 odd% um and therefore the
outlook also remains pretty bullish for
these stocks I mean um valuations are
are sort of full like you know we had a
Bank of America strategist saying
earlier but there might be earnings
upside coming in in a different um a
whole gamut of stock which will support
the market. So uh there may not be as as
much of a gain as we have seen this year
but there would be on the stock side and
look you know yes you know some of the
gauges are looking at these technical
milestones uh you know like bare market
or or correction but you know these are
things uh which have been made in
context of how the markets have evolved
over the last 100 years or so and when
everybody knows you know certain things
in market they're pretty much discounted
it we have to look this as a breather
you know as as a short pause in in this
long-term uptrend that has started in
China once they have proved their metal
in in terms of uh policym in terms of
innovation in terms of uh you know um
this trade war you know with the US so
um net net you know what we are getting
from fund managers as well as from sales
side as well as from data is positioning
is just improving and all all kind of
Chinese assets
>> Abashek thanks very much for joining us
that was our senior Asia equities
reporter Abashek Vishnoy there in
Singapore and as we said hash key also
making its debut in Hong Kong today. So,
we have spoken with the exchange or the
crypto exchange operator and it says
it's not considering expanding into the
US market just yet, but it's not ruling
out the possibility of that happening
once Washington introduces regulations
for crypto financing. Speaking
exclusively with us, the chairman and
CEO Shiao discussed the timing of the
trading debut given we've seen that
slide as well in crypto prices.
We don't know how crypto prices may
fluctuate next month, so we didn't give
it too much consideration to short-term
market sentiment. It's been 7 years
since we established Hashi in Hong Kong
in 2018. We feel it's the right time for
an IPO. Second, and more importantly, we
expect the US to fully establish the
core legal framework for crypto finance
in the first quarter of next year. We
see that as an opportunity for market
development. We want to be fully
prepared before that and an IPO is part
of our preparation.
>> Does it mean that you are in the process
of obtaining approvals and license to
operate in the US and what is your
progress on that front?
>> We don't have any specific plans to
enter the US market yet, but we view it
as a huge future opportunity. So, we're
closely monitoring innovations and
developments in US and SEC regulations.
We're also very pleased to see that in
the past month or two, the SEC and the
CFTC have introduced many new regulatory
rules around crypto assets and finance.
They have clarified many areas, making
the rules for the market increasingly
clear. So, we look forward to the day we
can enter the US market. What is your
outlook on the regulatory space in
mainland China? Do you think at some
point it could match Hong Kong's
regulations?
>> We see that mainland China is investing
significant resources to promote the
development of the central bank's
digital R&B. By doing so, China
acknowledges blockchain technology and
the tokenization of currency. In fact,
there's mutual recognition of some
infrastructure from the perspective of
underlying basic technology. The current
restrictions in China, I believe, are
not aimed at cryptocurrencies or digital
assets. China has adhered to capital and
foreign exchange controls for decades.
If the capital is converted into a token
such as a stable coin, it will impact
controls from the mainland. So rules on
capital controls need to be set first
before allowing the crossber flow of
funds.
>> Your company is still making losses as
of first half of this year. I believe
it's about 500 million Hong Kong dollars
in losses. What is your path to
profitability?
>> We have a longerterm plan. Currently, I
think profitability is not the core
indicator for our business operations
because the market is developing rapidly
and we still have plenty of work to do
which requires massive investment.
However, we pay more attention to our
cash flows which determine whether a
company can operate sustainably.
>> How long will this round of IPO
financing sustain your cash flow?
>> Before this, we had a cash reserve of
nearly 2.2 2 billion Hong Kong dollars
on our balance sheet. Based on the cash
flow generated by our monthly
operations, if the 2.2 billion Hong Kong
dollars serves as a supplement to our
operating cash flow, it can sustain our
future operations for 40 months, which
is over 3 years, assuming we don't
expand our investments. The IPO will
increase our cash flow by more than 2
billion Hong Kong dollars. So together I
believe we can not only achieve a longer
period of sustainable operations but
also increase our investments over the
next two years a period when the market
could develop very quickly.
And that was a hashkey group chairman
and CEO Shiao there speaking with Mimman
Lo. And turning now to of course another
Chinese company that we've been tracking
which is Lucken Coffee which is said to
be considering making a bid for the blue
bottle coffee chain owned by Nestle. Now
sources say it's part of efforts to
boost its brand profile. Let's bring
Emanuel Balgori. He leads our
Asia-Pacific deals coverage and joins us
now with the scoop. Uh this seems quite
ambitious but what do we know so far?
>> It is ambitious indeed. Devon, uh
another deal uh for potentially lacking
coffee, right? uh they've been looking
around. The company has been performing
much better and they now feel they're in
a position to uh look for uh an
expansion overseas. They want to um
bring their success from China uh into
the rest of the world. They're looking
into assets in Europe and into the US.
Um consumer retail is still an industry
where Chinese companies uh can do
acquisitions uh in other markets. uh and
the potential target of blue bottle
makes sense also because Nestle um has
been exploring a potential uh disposal
of this asset. There are others in the
market. We also mentioned in the story
Arabica which is also backed by PG a
private equity firm and there could be
others as well. Um coffee is a very hot
space these days. Uh and um yeah
interesting story behind Lucky Coffee.
It's really such an incredible
turnaround when you consider it was
delisted back in 2020 and I'd love to
know more about really the key plays in
this and exactly the the steps that were
taken. But what do we know about the
capability of of lacking to finance this
type of transaction and and also the
timeline and the pace of the
deliberations as well.
>> Yes. Uh Annabelle uh Lacking Coffee has
a uh private equity uh backer uh
Centurion uh it's a Chinese uh private
equity firm. They have a lot of
expertise uh in u you know backing and
supporting growth for uh companies
across different sectors. So they do
have the capability uh the firepower to
potentially uh pursue acquisitions. uh
I'm sure they will also look for other
ways of funding including uh potential
uh debt financing uh from banks or other
resources. Uh so yes and the company's
also doing uh better uh financially
speaking they've been uh doing much
better in China and what they were
trying to do is replicate that growth in
other markets. Uh it's still early
stages. They have different targets on
the table uh being evaluated as we
speak. Uh bear in mind that we also
understand from our sources they've been
looking at Costa Coffee in the UK which
is owned by Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola also
trying to sell this asset. So as we
discussed uh a lot of movement in the
coffee space uh globally uh so it's
definitely an industry to watch but
lacking coffee becoming a more prominent
player. Um so um you know definitely an
interesting name uh for the coming
quarters. Yeah, it's the coffee market
is hot as you say and something is
brewing. I had to go there. Manuel
Vgori, thank you so much with the latest
on the scoop when it comes to luck and
coffee. Speaking of things of of you,
Chinese companies making influence
abroad. You got to take a look at these
pictures, Belle, of of Kim Kardashian
and Snoop Dog during a live Tik Tok
shopping event that happened earlier
this month. Now the firm is working to
replicate the shopping experience that
you see in in Chinese the Chinese
version do yin right and they've really
been champions of that this whole live
streaming segment that you see in China
and now the US is slowly looking to
adopt this sort of strategy and small
businesses are really increasingly
making Tik Tok live a core sort of part
of their sales strategy as well and you
know it's not just Kim K we talked about
small businesses but it's just so
interesting right I mean it was almost
like a like a morning show you add that
to like an infomercial which is very
traditional in in US sort of TV, but it
was a kind of a a sort of a fusion of
the two. Um, but it added a bit more of
an element here because I guess of the
celebrity factor, but certainly they're
talking about how much in sales they can
really get from these sort of live
streaming segments here and you the US
is really catching on now.
Yeah, to be honest, Ivonne, I mean, I
came from a a breakfast TV background,
so infomercials were a key part of my
early career, and I have to say,
>> I feel worried about this. I feel
worried about this transformation. I
feel tired by it and I'm really
intrigued to understand how exactly Tik
Tok's been able to to make this catch on
given that you've had other companies
like like Amazon or YouTube or Facebook,
Instagram try this in the past, but they
haven't really been able to to find that
secret source. But of course, Tik Tok, I
mean, it's just so integrated into into
the daily lives of of millions of
Americans. So, we don't know how much uh
Tik Tok's planning to make from this,
but they are expecting, we have reported
in the past, to generate $77 billion
globally from Tik Tok live by 2027. So,
we might not want to see it on our
screens, but it seems like we are going
to be seeing it uh more on our devices
moving forward. But if you are a
subscriber and you want to rewatch any
of our segments, uh you can via our
interactive TV function, TV go. You can
also become part of the conversation by
sending us instant messages. So, do
check it out at TV go. More ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
We're keeping an eye on central banks in
Thailand and as well Indonesia later
today. That's as they make their last
rate decisions for the year. And it
comes as both countries battle economic
and political challenges. But let's get
more on this from our team. Now joining
us from Bangkok is our reporter Papichka
Tanakas and Pitpat. And covering
Indonesia for us is our Southeast Asia
economy reporter Cla Jao. So Papichka,
let's start with you. What are we
exactly expecting? We've got this rate
decision coming up later this afternoon.
Annabelle, this will be the last rate
meeting for the year for Thailand. Uh
and the B is set to consider a flurry of
factors going into that meeting. um
including a weaker growth outlook next
year, the impact of the US tariffs next
year, as well as the bat that just
notched a four-year high uh this week.
So, we're either we're looking at
basically either the fifth cut in 14
months or a second consecutive hold, but
most analysts expect that the BO will
cut uh 25 basis points to uh 1.25%.
um uh uh and this will follow a cut from
last uh octo uh from from October which
interrupted an easing cycle uh that has
already delivered 100 basis points in
cut um in in the last 14 months and uh
but it's also possible that the B will
wait a little bit before it starts
easing again considering that we have an
election coming up in February and the B
might want to preserve the limited
policy space just to see where Thailand
is heading politically first um and its
next meeting will come at the end of
February after the election.
>> Yeah, I mean there's there's plenty
that's weighing right on the economy
whether it's US tariffs, flooding,
there's also of course the political
situation and that deadly border clash
with Cambodia. So so with an election
coming up, how does that weigh on the
economy? Picha
>> Ivonne after PM Anuten dissolved
parliament last week the government is
in a limited caretaker capacity which
means that there uh the fiscal stimulus
plans are being shelved until a new
government is formed and that could take
uh 5 months from now that is not really
good uh short term for Thailand which is
a country that has seen uh bouts of
political turmoil and three short-lived
administrations since its last election
in 2023. And this heightened political
uncertainty is adding on top of those re
that recent political turmoil that was
already weighing on growth which is now
projected at just about 2% which is less
than half of the pace of neighboring
countries. And of course all of this is
eroding investor confidence with foreign
investors having sold more than three
billion dollars worth of Thai assets
this year. And that has sent the
benchmark set index uh down 10% this
year. Um and it's now the worst
performing B in Asia.
>> Okay. So CLA, we'll bring you in then
because yeah, we might get that cut from
Thailand. Bank Indonesia on balance, a
pause, but it's still going to be a
close call.
That's right. Bank Indonesia is expected
to hold for a third straight meeting
today, but it could be a close call
because of the flurry of economic
factors that the nation is also facing.
However, if we do follow the signals of
Governor Perry Wario, the short-term
focus of the of the central bank will be
the rupia and that will be its main
priority when it focuses on uh the
decision today. The problem now is a lot
of foreign investors are heading out the
door worried about slowing economic
growth, weak job creation, weak
consumption, pretty fundamental issues
in the economy. And then you also have
this issue of potentially a much bigger
budget deficit. uh you've ha you have
foreign investors selling off government
bonds. Indonesia could possibly see a
net outflow for the full year of 2025.
That will be the first net outflow in
three years. So that'll be weighing on
the central bank today. That being said,
it wouldn't be the first time that the
central bank has surprised us this year.
In fact, half of its decisions have been
surprises. Um, one economic
consideration will be that huge uh,
Sumatra flood that hit the country late
last month. We're expecting that could
hit agricultural output. It's uh, left
more than a thousand people dead and
destroyed scores of infrastructure and
the economy could use a little boost
from another rate cut.
>> All right, Claire, thank you. Our thanks
to Cla Jao there, Southeast Asia economy
reporter. also Papicha Tanakas and Pipa
joining us out of Bangkok as we talk
about these two policy decisions in
Southeast Asia. Uh before we go, let's
take a look when it comes to Asian
markets and how things are going here
right now. It's slow going, but at least
you're seeing the CSI 300 uh doing a
little bit better now. We're up 610 of
1%. Singapore is heading in the opposite
direction. Cosby as well uh doing a
little bit better given just the the two
days of selloff that we've seen of some
of the tech sort of plays here today.
And we are seeing of course uh the big
trading debut in Shanghai is certainly
helping things. Meta X is seems to be
fueling a lot of positive vibes in
Shanghai. This is Bloomberg.
Well, we've just got a few days left of
2025, but we're seeing a new billionaire
class emerging in China as we round out
the year. And this is as we start to see
this pick up in Chinese chip companies
that are choosing to list in the
mainland market. Also, deliberations
around Hong Kong as well. But today, the
name that we're focusing in on is MetaX.
And this is yet another GPU manufacturer
or designer that uh is based in China
and made its listing or trading debut
today. So you can see a very significant
surge there. The founders's net worth
has now climbed to $5.4
billion. So it's incredible figures and
especially as I said this new
billionaire class. It's not just meta x.
Last week we had more threads for
instance. And again that's that's
another billionaire that's been made uh
minted rather chairman Jung his net
worth climbing to $4.3 billion as well.
move on.
>> Yeah, it's a great story on on the
Bloomberg here from our Bloomberg um
Rich Go sort of team when they talk
about how it's a familiar playbook. What
you see with more threads you see with
MetaX is that you learn from an industry
giant like AMD which is where uh the
Meta X CEO Chen Yang uh came from after
being there for more than a decade. you
strike out a loan and then you push
through these fraught kind of USChina
geopolitics to come on top here as you
say minting him as a billionaire and I
don't know if you've seen that Taylor
Swift documentary about how he she
awards all her dancers they kind of have
a similar sort of arrangement here with
some of the how they retain the talent
there and this preipo
partnership so I think even just owning
a little bit of a stake in this stock is
minting some millionaires within their
team here that's it for us here in the
China show we have insight with hus
Amen. Next. Stay with us.